 
Objective	 

                To achieve a challenging position in Software Testing in a result-oriented company, where acquired skills and education will be utilized towards continued growth and advancement.  

 
Professional Experience	 

v	Over 7.6 years of experience with various types of software testing.
v	Good Knowledge in  Testing of Applications on Windows, SAP , Web, Mainframes and SOA environments
v	Experience in automating scripts(VB script) by using QTP 10
v	Good Knowledge in Testing Application by using QTP 10, QTP 11.2
v	Excellent in debugging QTP scripts.
v	Good Knowledge in performing functional, regression, Integration testing and User Interface testing.
v	Good Knowledge in Preparation of test scenarios and test cases. 
v	Have Managed a team by giving timely suggestion both technically and  functionally
v	Excellent in Execution of Test Cases and reporting Bugs.
v	Participating in Bug Life Cycle
v	Good knowledge in Version control tool Perforce.
v	Well acquainted with Software Test Life Cycle.
v	Good communication skills and ability to work in a fast paced environment.

 
Employment History	 
  
Technical Skills	 
  
Automation Tool	QTP 11.2,winrunner	   
Test Management Tool 	Quality Center 10, Ms-Excel	   
Programming Languages   	C,C++	   
Database	My SQL, HSQL, Mainframe	   
Defect Tracking Tool         	Quick base	   
Scripting Language 	VB Script	   
SOA Tools	SOAP, ITKO Lisa	 
  
Work History	 

Project #1:

Period             	:  Oct 2010 to till date
Role	             	:  Automation Test Lead
Project Title		:  Foundation Systems
Testing Tool		:  QTP 11.5


Contribution:
●	Plan, allocate and monitor the project quality assurance activities assigned to Team
●	Design and create test conditions and scripts to address business and technical use cases
●	Use existing tools and techniques to execute test cases and build/script new tools for performing testing/validation function
●	Develop and lead the automation strategy/effort and generate scripts to perform automated testing cycles using QTP.
●	Execute and analyze automation test results.
●	Participate in troubleshooting and triaging of issues with team to drive towards root cause identification and resolution
●	Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate.
●	Participated in analysis, feasibility study of application in the Automation area.
●	Support production deployment of applications and perform “validation testing” during the off-hours maintenance windows
Project #2:

Test Environment		: Windows XP/NT, Vista, Windows 2003
Technologies		: Java
Database			: Sql server 2005, Oracle and HSQL.
Testing Tool 		: QTP 10


Contribution:
●	Gathering requirement from onsite team.
●	Developed core data driven framework.
●	Understanding test case and prepared feasibility.
●	Developed 600 test scripts (Descriptive programming) in QTP.
●	Executing batch test.
●	Analyzing test results.
●	Rising bugs in quick base based on the script failures.
●	Actively participation in weekly bug review meeting with developers and project managers.
●	Debugging and maintaining the test scripts
●	Involved in Functionality testing and Regression Testing 
●	Deployed builds in Linux box. 
Project #3:

Test Environment		: SAP ECC 6.0
Testing Tool 		: QTP 9.2 
Version control tool	: QC 9.0
                      Team Size                          : 12

Contribution:
v	Developed scripts using above framework
v	Involved in recording and parameterization of reusable scripts as per the functional flow.
v	Development and execution of automation test scripts locally and then verify run from Quality Center.
v	Involved in coordinating with Onsite Lead to get sign off for the test scripts developed and defects found. 
v	Provided timely and effective feedback to management and development staff.

Project #4:

Test Environment		: PHP, My SQL, Ajax.
Testing Tool 		: QTP 9.2, Manual Testing 
                      Team Size                          : 2

Contribution:

v	Creation of detailed test cases by understanding the user requirements for manual testing.
v	Attending walkthrough meetings to review the test documents and turn over meetings to present validations. 
v	Conditioning the test accounts required for using Admin Tool and Chase online.
v	Identified & analyzed questionable functions, errors and inconsistencies in the Functionality / UI / Data in the application through QTP/Manual process and documented defects for maintaining known errors.
v	Verified fixes and closed bugs during regression test cycle.
v	Developed a scheduled script to run through QTP which will fetch the statistical data of the updated information by the pathologist on a daily basis.

Project #5:

Test Environment		: PERL, My SQL, Ajax.
Testing Tool 		: QTP 9.2, Manual Testing 
                      Team Size                          : 2

Contribution:
v	Conducted Black box testing.
v	Involved in preparing Test cases and execution of test cases.
v	Done the manual testing for various Html pages.
v	Reported and documented the defects.
v	Performed Regression testing on each build.
v	Running QTP Scripts on the specified functionalities
v	Broken links, image links, and links to third party tools, image uploads and much more has been tested via script.





Project #6:

Test Environment		: PERL, My SQL, Ajax.
Testing Tool 		:  QTP 9.2, Manual Testing
                      Team Size                          : 2

Contribution:
v	Involved in meetings and discussions for understanding the applications
v	Developing and Designing System Test Cases
v	Documentation & Preparation of Test Reports, Defect lists and Test results.
v	Updated existing Test Cases to match the changing requirements.
v	Executing Functional, GUI, Unit and Regression Testing.
v	Tested the version control module for different files.
v	Performed different types of testing like Functional, Regression, Integration 

Project #7:

Test Environment		: VB, My SQL
Testing Tool 		:  Manual Testing 
                      Team Size                          : 2


Contribution:
v	Attending walkthrough meetings to review the test documents and turn over meetings to present validations.
v	Involved in documenting test conditions and test cases.
v	Updated existing Test Cases to match the changing requirements.
v	Involved in running test cases and posting defects.
v	Involved in functionality testing and Bug reporting.



